# reflection

At the start of the semester I was quite worried about this course (and my other programming course) as it's my first real introduction to coding (not including a 4h Python workshop I did once and completely forgot about). Though I was also excited about learning a new skill, not necessarily for job opportunities but for personal use as well, since I'd like to maybe make my own games. I'm rather intuitive when in comes to learning, rather than logical, and I learn a lot from trial and error and experimentation, which I find makes me a bit slow. For these reasons I was worried about not doing well in this class or not grasping some of the concepts. Although I still have some difficulties in understanding and using certain concepts (like arrays), overall I'm pretty proud of my progress and learning in this course, though it was also the source of many headaches.
The projects have been my favourite parts of the course since we had freedom to do anything. Though I wish my project 1 was more complex with there being certain conditions to catching certain fish, and though my project 2 is not complete yet, its been the most fun I've had in the class (and also the most stressed because aghh deadlines!!). I'm also particularly proud of the little alien I made on the first class, the love, actually exercise (bee pollinating windy flowers) and juggle garden exercise (saving the forest from burning). I think my love, actually exercise was simple but cute and aesthetically I am please with it. I struggled with the juggle garden exercise, but it felt worth it in the end and I was satisfied with the results.
I feel like the second part of the class (after the reading week), is when things got quite complicated for me and I felt more lost and was having a harder time grasping the concepts. But it just took some practice with arrays and classes to understand them better (though I still struggle with them).
I will be in CART263 next semester, so my programming future isn't over yet. I am still worried about not being able to grasp concepts and being slow, but I'm also excited about the new things I'll learn and the possibilities of things I could make thanks to that. Like I said earlier, in the further future, I'd like to make my own games, mainly for fun.

